Central – HR Department   
CHR/05/2023 
JD & Specification 
Job Title: Regional sales Manager 
	Department: SND
	Job Holder: 
	Location: ISB 
	Reports to: GM sales 
	Job Code:
	Supervisor’s Name: M. Nasir Afridi 
	Grade: M7
	JOB PURPOSE
	To Manage sales of Direct Modern Trade (Makro, Metro, Hyperstar, CSDs & Food Services Distributors  (indirect) and local General trade business of ISB/ RWP / Jehlum/ Taxila belt region through local  distribution network. 
	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES
	

	

	1 
	To ensure Primary and secondary sales targets achievement of the region. (Value & Volumes).
	2 
	To Expend distribution network in to whole ISB / RWP region. must have ability to add distributor  anywhere in assigned region without any delay. 
	2 
	To ensure reasonable numeric coverage of complete fala range in to whole ISB/ RWP region. 
	3 
	To Ensure the availability & visibility of complete Falak Brand range.
	4 
	Assist in planning all the promotional activities to enhance the sales and brand equity.
	5 
	Assist in endorsing the maximum productivity of all the reporting staff considering the current &  future plans according to Matco policies.
	6 
	Bring new ideas to diversify the business of the assigned region as per company’s goals.
	7 
	Assist in coordinating with all the related customers with resolving the issue.
	8 
	Assist in maximizing coordination with other department like accounts & Logistics team.
	9 
	Ensure to recover credit amount as per agreed time frame.
	REPORTEES
	Direct Reports: GM sales  
Indirect Reports: 
	JOB DIMENSIONS - KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE, SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
	Knowledge (Education): Bachelor’s degree MIN , preferable masters 
	Experience: 3-4 years’ experience of same RSM position, working in same region. or Must lead regional  Head position of same region with any other designation. 
	Skills: 
  
Complete Command on MS Excel/ word/ power point and email drafting.  
  
Required Best negotiations skill. 
  
Self-controlled. 
  
Team building skills.  
  
Able to speak URDU / Punjabi language fluently. English as a secondary language.    Good time Management and prioritizing skills  
  
Strong analytical troubleshooting and problem-resolution/solving skills 
  
Multi-tasking 
  
Ability to relocate If required 
  
Ability to attract the top talent 
	



* Note: Divide this JD into the Avg. 160 Working Hours and evaluate the monthly progress.
Central – HR Department   
CHR/05/2023 
JD & Specification 
Statements in this document are intended to reflect, in general, the role and responsibilities of the position,  but are not to be interpreted as totally inclusive.
	Accepted by Job Holder 
	Verified by Line Manager 
	Approved by HR
	Signature: 
	Signature: 
	Signature:
	Name: 
	Name: 
	Name:
	Date: 
	Date: 
	Date:
	



* Note: Divide this JD into the Avg. 160 Working Hours and evaluate the monthly progress.